Asl review
A Good
B, pinky spread needs to be more pronounced, but its good enough tbh
C is kinda jank, but thats cuz of how i implimented thumb2. Possible to change, but not fun. Distinct Enough
D is same, part of the issue itself is the finger lengths themselves
E kinda works? Doesnt work as well cuz of the model tho, the actions are correct tho. Distinct Enough
F Looks weird due to lengths, but i think distinct Enough
G Works very well, some errors but no fault of blender, its mediapipe shitting itself, when its not it looks good
H Good (angle may need improvment tho with yaw)
I Good
J Good
K sorta, bit weird. Distinct Enough
L Good
M suffers from a bit of mediapipe tracking, and the thumb position on the model. Ehhh maybe not sure
N Good, some weird stuff tho with how its rigged and how the thumb rotates. Good enough, but def future improvments
O, mostly fine, just thumb rotation. Distinct Enough
P Good
Q Theres something about this motion that forces the wrist to not pitch down- Fix
R Good enough
S Good enough
T Mostly good
U Good
V Good
W Good
X Could be better, still distint enough i think. Distinct Enough
Y Good
Z Could be better, still distint enough i think. Distinct Enough

Fix finger bug - Need to do eventually - Not sure if issue anymore actually
Fix Q, issue may be with motion of the hand tho. - Q is fucked, idgaf

Future work could include adding more sign language libraries, adding movment of the hand itself, and the different ASl versions
Also to improve the tree and no repeat everything like we just didm maybe one step at a time or smth

Future improvment for sure, is that ideally we would have a function perform classification
Couldn't do here, as many tuning functions overlap. It is not a continuous distinct set of values, 
rather due to the nature of the rotations a lot of things overlap, so thus are specific to the function itself.

Future improvment idea, if a letter fails, it gives you a possible list of what you were trying to do based on where you were in the decision tree

C recalibrates
Always run code with hand in rest position (like high five)


For the curl, all numbers should be -, as + causes the fingerbones to bend backwards, towards backhand - fixed

+ spread causes the fingers to move closer together

There will be clipping, as on the model all the digits/finger segments are ~ even, however on our actual fingers not true.
Idrc so im leaving it, hard asf to find a good model and dont know how to model and cant be bothered to learn rn

Thumb shit
    X responsible for splay/spread
    Y for the curl
    
Using the one euro filter, as it says and i quote "Noisy signals are a common problem when tracking human motion" as the filter was designed with this in mind
https://pypi.org/project/OneEuroFilter/
Need to run pip install OneEuroFilter

Capitals are impossible, so no.

Due to how its implimented, 10 is represented as a 0. Its still 10, not 0

Current bugs: Minor
    1. Wrist bending down appears to cause some rotation, might be hand itself together
    2. Wrist bending down causes fingers to bend
    3. Not designed for left hand. If ur left handed frick u ig
    
    Major:
    1. Thums isnt fully accurate
        DONE 2. When the hand faces sideways, this causes it to bend down.
    3. The finger tips have a bit of trouble moving all the way
    4. Model has a lot of trouble when things overlap, not sure what i can do abt that tho, cuz the model itself is a lot of liabilities
    5. Thumb is too high up and too long, and finger segments too long 
        IDGAF i dont know how to model in blender and i dont care enough to do so, it works enough


        TODO: Fix the thumb, rn doesnt move enough.

        Z and X only, dont touch Y
        Possible to get it working, just need to script to detect and run it properly